K8s: OperatorHub deployment dev edits DOC-1780 DOC-1840 (#2338)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/kubernetes/deployment/openshift/openshift-operatorhub.md

]
---

Redis Enterprise for Kubernetes can be deployed and administered entirely from the OpenShift command-line interface (CLI). For those who prefer a user interface (UI), OpenShift also provides the OperatorHub, a web console interface where you can install operators and create custom resources.

For details on the OperatorHub, see the [OpenShift documentation](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/operators/index.html).

## Prepare the cluster

The Redis Enterprise pods must run in OpenShift with privileges set in a [Security Context Constraint](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.4/authentication/managing-security-context-constraints.html#security-context-constraints-about_configuring-internal-oauth). This grants the pod various rights, such as the ability to change system limits or run as a particular user.

{{<warning>}}

> The security context constraint for the operator
> ([scc.yaml](https://github.com/RedisLabs/redis-enterprise-k8s-docs/blob/master/openshift/scc.yaml)) must be installed before the operator can create any clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must install the security context constraint for the operator
([scc.yaml](https://github.com/RedisLabs/redis-enterprise-k8s-docs/blob/master/openshift/scc.yaml)) before it can create any clusters.
```

{{</warning>}}

> The SCC only needs to be installed once but must not be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only need to install the SCC once, but you must not delete it.
```
